[Home](../index.md)

## Deploying Common Configuration

The common configuration manages the following:

- Docker secrets for accessing the corporate Docker registry and pulling container images.
- Common properties shared by all NetPulse software on the production cluster.
- Binding to storage resources.
- License files.

### Procedures

#### **Configuring Docker Secrets**

Ensure you are connected to the OpenShift cluster and operating within the correct project by executing the following commands from your DevOps workstation:

```sh
oc login <cluster_url>
oc project <project_name>
```

Then, authenticate with the corporate Docker registry:

```sh
docker login docker.bridgon.com
```
Authenticate using: `bridgon / mo-netpulse-ecr`

```sh
docker login docker-fr.bridgon.com
```
Authenticate using: `mo-deploy / Bridgon-ocp-321`

Create a new OpenShift secret for Docker authentication:

```sh
oc create secret docker-registry docker-secret \
  --docker-server=docker.bridgon.com \
  --docker-username=bridgon \
  --docker-password=mo-netpulse-ecr \
  --docker-email=<your-email>
```

#### **Updating Running Privileges**

The container execution privileges need to be adjusted to run properly. Modify the `restricted` Security Context Constraints (SCC) as follows:

```sh
oc edit scc restricted
```

Locate the `runAsUser` section and update it with the following content:

```yaml
runAsUser:
  type: RunAsAny
```

Save the file and exit. The changes will be automatically propagated.

#### **Deploying the License File**

Deploy the site license file (`lic.cry`) to the appropriate volume (Ceph or NFS). Store the file in:

```sh
<namespace>-platform-volume/licmgr/lic/lic.cry
```

#### **Storage Resource Binding**

Check the Persistent Volumes (PVs) that need to be created by running:

```sh
<root_git_dir>/netpulse-deploy/shell/check-pvs.sh <customer-namespace>
```

Sample YAML files for PVs can be found in the `netpulse-deploy-site` repository: `netpulse-deploy-site-rd-netpulse-staging`.

#### **On a Production Cluster**

1. Create the PV configuration file:
   ```sh
   netpulse-deploy-site-<customer-project>/pv/ceph-pv.yaml
   ```
2. Ensure the Ceph bindings reflect the correct parameters to mount RBDs on the cluster site. Do not rename any PV or PVC names defined in the file.
3. Apply the PV configuration:
   ```sh
   oc apply -f netpulse-deploy-site-<customer-project>/pv/ceph-pv.yaml
   ```
4. Commit and push the changes to the DevOps Git repository:
   ```sh
   git add netpulse-deploy-site-<customer-project>/pv/ceph-pv.yaml
   git commit -m "Added PV configuration for <customer-project>"
   git push
   ```

For more details on Ceph PV binding, refer to the OpenShift documentation:
[Persistent Storage Using Ceph RBD](https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.1/install_config/persistent_storage/persistent_storage_ceph_rbd.html)

#### **On a Development Cluster**

1. Create the NFS-based PV configuration:
   ```sh
   netpulse-deploy-site-<customer-project>/pv/nfs-pv.yaml
   ```
2. Update the NFS configuration:
   ```sh
   vi netpulse-deploy-site-<customer-project>/config/netpulse-nfs-pv.env
   ```
3. Apply the updated configuration:
   ```sh
   oc apply -f netpulse-deploy-site-<customer-project>/pv/nfs-pv.yaml
   ```
[Home](../index.md)

